\input texinfo
@comment %**start of header
@settitle SmartCalc v2.0 User's Manual
@comment %**end of header

@ifinfo
@copying
Copyright © 2022 kwukong
@end copying
@end ifinfo


SmartCalc v2.0 Manual

The calculator supports expressions with following arithmetic operations:

1. Addition: a + b

2. Subtraction: a - b

3. Multiplication: a * b

4. Division: a / b

5. Exponentiation: a ^ b

6. The remainder of division: a mod b

7. The unary minus and plus: -a +a

and functions:

1. cos(x)

2. sin(x)

3. tan(x)

4. acos(x)

5. asin(x)

6. atan(x)

7. sqrt(x)

8. ln(x)

9. log(x)


Calculator instructions:

1. You can use the graphic buttons to enter an expression.

2. It is possible to enter up to 255 characters

3. The "CE" button removes one symbol or function

4. Button "AC" clears the screen 

5. Pressing the button "graph" opens a graph window.

6. In order to build the graph it is necessary that the output contains x

7. The start x and end x fields define the area of the value.

8. To build a graph you must click the "build the graph" button

9. To close the graph window click the "close graph window" button

10. If you entered an invalid expression, the application reports an error.

Credit calculator:

1. Click the "credit" button to open the credit calculator

2. Enter the loan amount.

3. Enter the loan term in months.

4. Enter the interest rate in percent.

5. Select the type of payments.

6. You can enter new values for a new calculation.

7. Click the "calculate" button for the calculation.

8. Click the "clear" button to clear the data.

9. To close the credit calculator click the "close" button.

Deposit calculator:

1. To go to the deposit calculator, click the "deposit" button.

2. Enter the deposit amount.

3. Enter the deposit term in months.

4. Enter the interest rate.

5. Enter the tax rate in percent.

6. If you need capitalization, select the check box.

7. For getting the result click the button "calculate".

8. To clear the data click the button "clear".

9. To close the deposit calculator click the "close" button.

Press red button in top left coner to exit programm.

Thank you.

